docs: updating the prerequisites of keptn lifecycle toolkit (#793)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing at Lifecycle-toolkit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing to the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit
```

> We are thrilled to have you join us as a contributor! The Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit is a community-driven project and we greatly value collaboration. There are various ways to contribute to the Lifecycle Toolkit, and all contributions are highly valued. Please, explore the options below to learn more about how you can contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled that you want to join us as a contributor! The Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit is a community-driven project and we greatly value collaboration. There are various ways to contribute to the Lifecycle Toolkit, and all contributions are highly valued. Please, explore the options below to learn more about how you can contribute.
```

# How to Contribute
## Prerequisites
Make sure you have the following prerequisites installed on your operating system before you start contributing:

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to build a new version of the containers.

> - A Kubernetes `cluster >= Kubernetes 1.24` .If you don’t have one, we recommend Kubernetes-in-Docker(kind) to set up your local development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Kubernetes cluster with k8s version `>= 1.24`. If you don’t have one, we recommend [Kubernetes-in-Docker(kind)](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind/) to set up your local development environment.
```

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) installed on your system.

> - [kustomize](https://kustomize.io/) for customizing Kubernetes resource configurations and generating manifests.

Reviewer 2: it's probably clear, but also Go please :)

### Visual Studio Code requirements:

This project uses a set of linters to ensure good code quality.
In order to make proper use of those linters inside an IDE, the following configuration is required.

- Install the [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/integrations/) extension to check for syntax, style, performance, and security issues in Go.
- Install [Golang](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aldijav.golangwithdidi) extension is required.

> Adding the following lines to the `Golang` extension configuration file will enable all linters used in this project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Adding the following lines to the `Golang` extension configuration file enables all linters used in this project.
```
